Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Plead our cause with them
that strive with us.
fight against them that fight against us.
TEL AVIV
BRIGADE WAR ROOM
11 YEARS LATER
BOGOTA. COLOMBIA
Sweetie. I need one mashawsha hummus.
and one makhlouta hummus
for table four. okay?
And two sodas.
-Aren't you forgetting something?
-What?
Please?
Please. sweetie.
See? That wasn't so hard.
No. it wasn't.
-Give me a kiss.
-You give me a kiss.
-Me?
-You.
Where is the... Oh. there it is.
For that table and that other one.
All good. guys?
PEOPLE TOOK OVER THE CITY
Is everything okay. sweetie?
What is it?
THE CAPT. YITZHAK (ZACHI) AZOULAY
SCHOLARSHIP CEREMONY
DR. ARGOV
AZULAI TEAM
Hello. how are you? This is Maria.
We are looking for a photographer
that works for you.
His name is Ricardo Mendez.
Can you give me his address?
Thank you.
Yes. give me a second.
Great. thank you.
-I know where he lives.
-Perfect.
-It's the blue house.
-Yes. I see it.
Okay. we will ring the bell and then what?
We will ask for help? Yes.
Let's go.
You knock.
It's better if he sees your smile
when he opens the door.
-Hello.
-Mr. Mendez?
Nice to meet you. my name is Maria.
The newspaper gave us your address.
We need your help.
-Sure.
-Thank you.
This is her.
She was a good friend of mine.
All these years. I thought she was dead.
But then. I saw this photo.
Yes. she's very pretty. but she looks sad.
Ricardo. would you happen to have
more pictures from that day?
Maybe one where you can see her better?
Actually. I do.
I have a folder
that can actually help you.
Here it is.
You can look through the folder
while I make you something to drink.
-What would you like? Coffee?
-Coffee sounds fine.
-Coffee. yes.
-Thank you.
One sugar. please.
Open it.
Keep going...
36 PICTURES
HE DIED SO WE MIGHT LIVE
DEATH IN THE BIG TRIP
THE SURVIVOR
THE SURVIVOR. HAGAI ELKAYAM.
SURVIVED THE HORRENDOUS ACCIDENT
AND IS HOSPITALIZED IN BOGOTA
Here you go.
-Thank you.
Listen. I just remembered
I have to go somewhere. So if you could...
-Ricardo. we just need another minute.
-No.
Talk to me tomorrow.
I have to go. You should leave.
Ricardo. this is very important to me.
Please give us another minute.
Please! You have to leave!
He is hiding something.
I know. but what?
What did you see? Why did he freak out?
I don't know.
There was a picture
like the one in the paper.
He is hiding something. I know it.
What are we going to do?
Wait patiently.
What do you mean?
We still have the tools in the car. right?
Don't worry. it will be fine.
Let's go.
Let me. You always sucked at this.
Fine.
Resurrection.
Subtitle translation by Hagit Harel
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org